01. Walk.aiff
Really like the beginning of this song. Makes you feel some kind of way, you get sucked into it. But as soon as the vocals come in I feel like it sounds cheap if you know what I mean?? Not sure how to explain haha

2. JP Enfant - Muzieklokaal_D1644_PSYROM001.aiff
Uffff yes yES I like this sound. It so simple but it just works. I like how its silent for a few seconds at 2:35, again, makes you feel something
the song just ended and my conclusion is yes I really like this one. Its not too predictable but also not chaotic. Nice.

A2 PTDD - Sizipin [Master Digital].aiff
This gives me ASMR vibes hahah, not so sure i feel that. Bit too vague for me I guess

Ahadadream - UNKNOWN T DRUM DUB.mp3
Hahha this one is so random and I love it. I think I just like it when unexpected things happen in a tune

Arma - Arma Edits- Past Edition - 06 Sensual (Arma Edit).mp3
Gives me a nostalgic feeling, which is nice. I like how every riff is cut off so it just makes you wanna move your head lol

Bluetoof - Jinx (INFA001).aiff
Maybe its the tiktok generation, but i feel like i dont have the patience for this song. I just wanna increase the speed and put a hard beat under it

Champion - 2010-2016 - 11 Yardman.aiff
I like the clapping sound at the start, reminds me of lets get loud by jennifer lopez hahaha
again why do i just want to speed this up?? 

EYCEE - Leidse Loop [PRECISE MASTER] 320KBPS MP3.mp3
yeessss lets go. A lot is happening in this one. I like it. Does sound a bit like a soundtrack for the credits of a medium quality action movie

Frenquency_Might Be The One_Sonicartco_Master_v1.aiff
ok ok this is a different vibe than the rest, im curious whats gonna happen in this one. 
It kind of drives me crazy to here the same vocal over and over again, but that is not per se a bad thing, sometimes you want to get a little triggered

Hermit - Favela [ZONNA MASTER].wav
I like how it goes from a real clean beat to hard breaks. Once again, unexpected!! Like it!

MFA005 A1 - Two Shell - Home.wav
chill

NO SCRUBS_4.mp3
its sped up! yes!!!! has potential, but i think this one could be more interesting

Richard Wright - Rude Boy (Grey Master).wav
hahah i thought this was gonna be a mix of rude boy by rihanna, gotta say i am dissapointed its not because ive been looking for a good mix of that one but didnt find it yet
guess i have to make it myself
anyways this is a nice layered track

Skrillex, Fred again.. & Flowdan - Rumble (Volume Unit Bootleg).wav
Nice deep sounds. I love the original of this song and im not sure i like this edit, but maybe thats just because im used to the original

Soulely - Just Wanna Rock (bubbling edit).mp3
hahaha yeeees i love this one. Give me a high bpm, some random added samples and a little breakbeat and im happy really

Two Shell - [round].aif
This really gets you lost in music, I want to hear this at festival at sunset time
The part at 2:25 is really intense with headphones hahah damn

Various - Serenades Edits (free dl) - 11 Serenades Edit #11 - Hamid Al Shaeri - Wekatabtek (Aaron Maple Edit).aiff
this is funky and interesting, i could listen to this all day 
im def gonna look up this aaron maple guy to see what else he makes

easy final.mp3
wow the beginning reminds me of a really popular dutch song but i cant remember which one
eyyyy this goes hard 
easy final more like fire final


Overall very interesting collection you got here passion!! Surprising sounds, i just know that when you mix these its gonna slap, also the ones that i am not really feeling yet
